# CS210_SNHU
# Emeth Jamison

- This project was aimed to help a potential grocery store, Corner Grocer specifically, to organize product data of purchases throughout the day. A user could view each item purchased and the frequency in which it was purchased in several ways. The user could view one specific item with its count displayed to the side, a full list of every item with their count off to the side, or a histogram of the frequency of every item puchased with '*' indicating a purchase.
- I believe I did the choice handling well. I used a switch/case statement to help defer to the correct function for each choice and included the default case for all incorrect entries that informed the user of their incorrect choice. I also included some basic error handling which improves the quality of the project in case of errors within different sections of the code. (i.e. File upload issues, failure to backup data, incorrect entries)
- To enhance the efficieny and security of the project, I could add more robust error handling and an admin-checking feature to deny access to those without an adequate access level. More descriptive error handling could help the user know exactly what is wrong and could help tech support to have a clearer answer as to what is wrong in the case that something does go wrong. Adding access levels would help to bar information from users that should not have access. If product information was sensitive or if revenue was added, the information should not be accessible to those without the status to access this information.
- The most difficult things for me to write were the instances in which I used or accessed the map data type. I understood the type on a basic level but I did not know the built in functions for the data type and had to research this information. Personally, I have a few software engineers in my immediate network and I have been able to ask them questions. When they are busy or do not have an answer, I often find online forumns and resources like StackOverflow in which people discuss these problems and provide the necessary information on how to implement the code.
- I think the theory on counting can be transferred to and used in other work. The map data type reminds me of dictionaries in Python. Both make it quite easy to iterate through a list and either create a value linked to a key or read the values based on a given key. This is particularly helpful in programs like this in which large sets of data need to be counted quickly and this information to be accessed quickly. I believe this will come in handy several times in my course study and career.
- To make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I added inline comments describing what each funciton's purpose is and I did not restrict the list to be a certain length. Any number of products and any number of those products sold can be dynamically tracked. Each part of the code has a nearby inline comment describing its' use and function. This will help any future developers to quickly identify segments of code that need to be updated or changed.
